docs/policies/ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.md, before:

# Amazon EC2 paravirtual instance types should not be used

| Provider            |      Category      |
| ------------------- | ------------------ |
| Amazon Web Services |  Network Security  |

## Description

DISCLAIMER - This policy works when all resources of type aws_instance and aws_ami to be in the root module.

This control checks whether the virtualization type of an EC2 instance is paravirtual. The control fails if the virtualizationType of the EC2 instance is set to paravirtual.

Linux Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) use one of two types of virtualization: paravirtual (PV) or hardware virtual machine (HVM). The main differences between PV and HVM AMIs are the way in which they boot and whether they can take advantage of special hardware extensions (CPU, network, and storage) for better performance.

This rule is covered by the [ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual](https://github.com/hashicorp/policy-library-FSBP-Policy-Set-for-AWS-Terraform/blob/main/policies/ec2/ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel) policy.

## Policy Results (Pass)

```bash
trace:
        Pass - ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel

        Description:
        This policy requires `aws_ami` resources to have attribute
        'virtualization_type' to be 'hvm'.

        Print messages:

        → → Overall Result: true

        This result means that all resources have passed the policy check for the policy ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.

        ✓ Found 0 resource violations

        ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel:94:1 - Rule "main"
        Value:
            true
```

---

## Policy Results (Fail)

```bash
trace:
        Fail - ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel

        Description:
        This policy requires `aws_ami` resources to have attribute
        'virtualization_type' to be 'hvm'.

        Print messages:

        → → Overall Result: false

        This result means that not all resources passed the policy check and the protected behavior is not allowed for the policy ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.

        Found 1 resource violations

        → Module name: root
        ↳ Resource Address: aws_instance.name
            | ✗ failed
            | Attribute 'virtualization_type' must be 'hvm' for 'aws_ami' linked with the 'aws_instance' resource. Refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/ec2-controls.html#ec2-24 for more details.


        ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel:94:1 - Rule "main"
        Value:
            false
```

---

Commit message:

Cleared the bugs with the EC2 Virtualization should not be paravirtual and service vpc endpoint enabled policies based on the github issues raised

docs/policies/ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.md, after:

# Amazon EC2 paravirtual instance types should not be used

| Provider            |      Category      |
| ------------------- | ------------------ |
| Amazon Web Services |  Network Security  |

## Description

DISCLAIMER - This policy works when all resources of type aws_instance and aws_ami to be in the root module and Even if the virtualization is not pare-virtualized, using Packer images will cause the policy to fail.

This control checks whether the virtualization type of an EC2 instance is paravirtual. The control fails if the virtualizationType of the EC2 instance is set to paravirtual.

Linux Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) use one of two types of virtualization: paravirtual (PV) or hardware virtual machine (HVM). The main differences between PV and HVM AMIs are the way in which they boot and whether they can take advantage of special hardware extensions (CPU, network, and storage) for better performance.

This rule is covered by the [ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual](https://github.com/hashicorp/policy-library-FSBP-Policy-Set-for-AWS-Terraform/blob/main/policies/ec2/ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel) policy.

## Policy Results (Pass)

```bash
trace:
        Pass - ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel

        Description:
        This policy requires `aws_ami` resources to have attribute
        'virtualization_type' to be 'hvm'.

        Print messages:

        → → Overall Result: true

        This result means that all resources have passed the policy check for the policy ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.

        ✓ Found 0 resource violations

        ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel:94:1 - Rule "main"
        Value:
            true
```

---

## Policy Results (Fail)

```bash
trace:
        Fail - ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel

        Description:
        This policy requires `aws_ami` resources to have attribute
        'virtualization_type' to be 'hvm'.

        Print messages:

        → → Overall Result: false

        This result means that not all resources passed the policy check and the protected behavior is not allowed for the policy ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.

        Found 1 resource violations

        → Module name: root
        ↳ Resource Address: aws_instance.name
            | ✗ failed
            | Attribute 'virtualization_type' must be 'hvm' for 'aws_ami' linked with the 'aws_instance' resource. Refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/ec2-controls.html#ec2-24 for more details.


        ec2-instance-virtualization-should-not-be-paravirtual.sentinel:94:1 - Rule "main"
        Value:
            false
```

---
